Yes Domo configure
Say whether the second car road - you after a long time of the live-action video was through there a here
Tom Hall of Fame in abrasive mud hardly head about
Many things of
I can not afford it, but it is here
It came Yes
It is a knitting stick of Splatoon.
a Well I'm posting this, but it's been about 2 days
I was able to enter ad on the release day
You How about a Here you will find the here
Nakata I bought Amibo for the first time, but I think it's quite possible
From now on either Ghan
It was
Mika-chan has entered
And of course boy
Masu already Well three bodies
It is also One sold out students who entered
Well I announced that only this is selling
But it is a pretty I bought something for the first time Amibo
Back 1 selected because this figure at the moment is present Datte back would corner Shi made also to figure
I do not think
But it is that they do not try to challenge me of traffic it is like this
7 ways
Such Clearing the theme came out the theme to by placing on top of the game pad
Fuu
I like the gear can also get the in reading that can Toka dressed as a schoolgirl
It seems to be feeling
Is this kid something to do with this gear ?
The I feel like a charger the way, how to construct
Pretty box good focus in the following lighting
Continue following Areare ordinary something
In the sense of the parcher
city
Long-shot single-handed sweet potato a
Bowie
Mubia Yeah It's the same beer Raboran
The edge of the aura of the roller is
But it is also important to get bored of that
It will not have been beaten from beyond I wonder if there is no way I can keep going for a little
Well, let's try actually opening it
It only reason Well not help but feel I waste over to
Let's get up
Yes is here Iei
now
Cute
What a nice
I'm cute, I rather put the ship even if the figurine Tara pretty now
Well I want to give the other three but I also want to give it to you later
The first knitting rod
It is also everyone was moving Sutora
Abbey bought because meet also Thank you very much, let's Frey said with him
ー ー ー
bea